Hello, everyone.
I'm your maestro,
Kizuna Ai...
How are you doing?
Huh, it feels like
I'm spinning a lot more than usual.
How's that?
That was exhausting.
Hello, let me introduce myself once again.
I'm Kizuna Ai the Maestro!
Today, we have a machine that will send out the names
of animals and inanimate objects.
Let us create ourselves some new species.
Today, we have a box which can only be seen by 5-year-olds at most.
Let's go with this.
Shakeshakeshakeshake!
A denture...
Alright, next one is...
Shakeshakeshakey!
A snail!
This is getting a little weird.
A denture and a snail.
Let's combine both and create an original animal!
Let's get drawing!
So...
Denture.
[laughs]
Denture...
From the side you can see the gum.
It's a little bit disgusting.
And then,
the snail.
Some texture for the gum.
How is that?
It's like,
A snail has its shell, right?
It'll be sad if it's just the slug without one!
And so, I made it like this.
Eyes!
The eyes!
How is that?
It's so cute!
It's like when a girl just repeats saying cute.
I've decided on a name too!
It's Iname-chan!
How's that?
A cute name for this being
full of cuteness and filth?
Because it's a denture and a snail, (Iname and Namekuji}
that makes Iname-chan!
Its ecology will be...
If he's came out of the denture, it'll melt.
It won't melt from salt!
It'll melt from sugar...
So sad...
And if it gets drenched in water, it'll melt too.
What a sad little thing!
And the denture will be all that remains.
Its food are your hopes and dreams.
Let's go for the next one!
Jumblejumblejumblejumble!
Pineapple!
Next one.
Jumblejumblejumblejumbley!
An owl!
Looks like this can be cute.
Let's get straight to the drawing board!
A pineapple will be...
It has something like a crown.
If we divide a pinapple by its parts, it'll be the crown
and the edible fruit.
For the owl,
it should go like this.
Like,
pretty much this.
This owl is quite huge!
[laughs]
It's scary!
It's pretty much like this.
That means...
This...
I'm quite scared now.
This.
The hair--
Oh!
I know, I know!
It's not something you put on the head,
but it'll be its wings.
The pineapple
made like this.
Then,
let's put a pinapple hat on top.
The fruit.
Oh, but...
Hmm...
Oh! A pineapple,
if we cut it, it'll be like this, right?
So,
and then,
we'll put on a pineapple necklace!
Like this!
Pineapple!
Then,
it has a pineapple beak...
Hmm!
Pineapple!
Let's make its body a pineapple too!
Let's redraw it like this.
And so...
An owl's ears are like this, right?
But were there owls which don't have ears?
Let's just make the ears its charm point.
Eyes!
Let's go with a little horror feel.
Like it's gone mad!
Seems difficult to draw a mad person!
Then,
the pineapple necklace.
Oh!
It's like that...
Iname-chan's dark side!
Here's the wings.
Like pineapples.
Like this.
Then a pineapple.
Then the feet.
A foot.
Zoom! A foot...
[chuckles]
Then,
this is important!
It's a madman from the dark side.
The eyes are like...
It's eyes are red...
Like it's going to pop out.
Then,
this will be another charm point.
How's that?
Can you feel the darkness?
I can feel the darkness!
Nope, nope, nope.
I made this on purpose.
The name will be...
A pineapple and an owl.
The name will be PPFP.
Pineapple
Pineapple Pineapple
Pineapple Pineapple Owl
Pineapple Pineapple Owl Coo! Like that...
Well, like I've said before,
this creature came from the dark side.
Well, usually
the eyes aren't actually red.
But when it sees a normie,
its eyes will redden and blood comes from its mouth.
And it'll do that to the normies.
He'll shoot out his wings,
and lots of sharp pieces from a pineapple will come out.
And it'll stab the normie.
How's that?
How was that?
As expected from Kizuna Ai-san's masterpiece.
I'll keep finding new species,
so please send an email to the address on the home page
with names of animals and inanimate objects.
Gotta catch 'em all!
♪ ♪ ♪